Wow, help me!
What are you doing?
Tell them to let Ran go, don't you think?
Take Zhuren, the daughter of the emperor.
You didn't just kill An An.
Do you want to hurt our entire family?
Sunny, you're mad at me, you mess with me, I can solve it.
But you can't let the soldiers capture him for the sake of life, you're killing him.
I see that you're not just unclear
Even the mind is not easy to carry.
I want to die. I don't want to.
Death
Are you sure you want to chase?
An An is still waiting to be buried.
Seven.
I'm sure they're okay.
You let An An come back.
When I get home, bring my own grass.
You're waiting for me.
I'm home.
There's no alcohol.
Put it together, kid.
Do not kill soldiers.
Murder!
Get me out of here.
I don't want rats in prison.
Uncle Bunny, help us out quickly, the Army is afraid, the Army is not afraid.
Ran, I've been looking for half a day.
You will soon.
Really thank you, I want to
Is it going to be buried?
Come back.
Don't be late, see him one last time.
It's okay.
I told the kids.
Wait until I get back and then bury it.
I'll see him one last time.
Let's go.
Driver's license